All right welcome back my dear student.
So it's time for us to build this really cool function that would allow us to be logged in all the time.
Well first of all if we are able to find to verify the password the first thing that we need to do is
save this in a session right.
We need to let our application know that we are good.
So we'll save something in a session and save the email so we'll save the email in a session.
I would set that up and now we can create a function to allow us to be logged in all the time that use
and watch function there.
So let's create a logged in function here.
Let's grab some comments.
Plug in function.
All right.
So this function is going to be called logged in I guess I don't think we need to give any parameter
This function is going to make sure that the session is set.
So we're going to set this here like this when to make sure it's set and if it's set which is going
to return true.
Right.
And where we try to boss.
All right.
So now we've got to do is use this guy right here when we go again.
So if we go to admin Let's go to admen that be hearing admen we can write that if we want to let's do
it right here so you can see it.
So if I logged in the right and were logged in then we can say something like Echo logged in.
All right like that.
So they just make sure that we do some quotes around them.
All right.
So we are logged in.
Let me just do it like this is clear for you.
All right.
So if is loading is going to do that else we can redirect
back to that or something like that.
All right.
So let's try this let's log in so we can set that session tubes one two and three log in admin.
Did I forget
line 11.
This is a function.
Parentheses right there.
All right.
He says logged in as you can as you can see that you see that beautiful.
So now that we know then we need to build the functionality that is a log out as well.
They do allow us to log out.
Right.
So on the next lecture we'll build that up and then we'll start implementing some more advanced features.
All right.
Thank you so much for watching.
See you in the next lecture.